That's when Oklahoma City police raided Davis' software publishing firm and confiscated his sophisticated
 commercial computer bulletin board system.
Authorities allege Davis was selling pornographic computerized materials on CD-ROM and through files
 downloaded over phone lines.
Names of everyone who signed onto Davis' bulletin board service, those who downloaded or uploaded graphic
 files depicting sexual acts and those who didn't are in the hands of investigators.
After the arrest, Earl Faubion, a police officer who runs a law enforcement oriented computer bulletin
 board system, got numerous inquiries from worried users.
Faubion, who ironically channeled much of his computer system's private mail through Davis' system before
 it was shut down, tells users that's out of his area of expertise.
Bill Holmes, Davis' attorney, said bulletin board system operators fear their computers will be seized
 along with the electronic mail inside.
The Davis bust sent a chill throughout the national computer community, said Jack Rickard, editor and
 publisher of Boardwatch magazine, a bulletin board newsletter published in Littleton, Colo.  "It's causing chaos," he said.
Rickard said Oklahoma City is being viewed "a little bit like clown city" in computer circles, since
 the explicit material Davis offered can be purchased in nearly every computer magazine and is carried by numerous bulletin boards.
Oklahoma City police referred questions on the Davis case to the district attorney's office.
The bust will test Oklahoma laws on "community standards" regarding pornography, said Mike Godwin, attorney
 for the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Part of the law also appears to make possession a crime, but U.S.  Supreme Court rulings have backed
 an individual's right to own such material, Holmes said.
Apart from the pornography question is the issue of electronic mail seized with Davis' computer equipment,
 correspondence most legal experts say is protected by federal law.
Davis' computer was part of a large electronic mail system that shuttled messages across the country.

Critics also say police over reached in grabbing Davis' entire system, shutting down his pay-for-play
 computer service, because of four CDs.
